And so I wake in the morning and I step outside,
And I take a deep breath and I get real high,
And I scream from the top of my lungs
'What’s going on?' "

I’ll tell you what I want, what I really really want,
So tell me what you want, what you really really want,
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna,
I wanna really really really wanna zigazig ha. "

"Do you ever feel like a plastic bag?"

"Yes, I like piña coladas,
And gettin' caught in the rain.
I'm not much into health food,
I am into champagne."

"I’m too hot (hot damn)
Call the police and the fireman."

"If I go there will be trouble,
If I stay it will be double."

"Why you gotta be so rude?
Don’t you know I’m human too?
Why you gotta be so rude?
I’m gonna marry her anyway."

"Hello, it's me."

"I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed."

"So no one told you life was gonna be this way
Your job's a joke, you're broke
Your love life's DOA." 

“I’m not as think as you drunk I am.”

“There’s vomit on his sweater already, mom’s spaghetti!”

"Before you came into my life,
I missed you so bad."

"You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel."

"I work all night, I work all day, to pay the bills I have to pay
And still there never seems to be a single penny left for me
That’s too bad."

“You say ‘black’ I say ‘white’
You say ‘bark’ I say ‘bite’
You say ‘shark’ I say ‘hey man ‘Jaws’ was never my scene!’ ” 

"Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof."

"All I want for Christmas
is my two front teeth,
my two front teeth,
see my two front teeth.

Gee, if I could only
have my two front teeth,
then I could wish you
"MeRRy Christmas!" 

"Lucky that my breasts are small and humble
So you don't confuse them with mountains." 

“Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday to Sunday.” 

"Look at this photograph
Every time I do it makes me laugh."

“I’m down on my knees, searching for the answer
Are we human or are we dancer?”

"I want a brand new house on an episode of Cribs
And a bathroom I can play baseball in." 

“And I know you love Shrek
Because we’ve watched it 12 times.”

“God must have spent a little more time on you.”

“Watch out where the huskies go, don’t eat the yellow snow.”

“What else could I say?
Everyone is gay.”

"Chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chubby
I don't have any lines to go right here, so chuby Teletubby." 

"Just going to stand there and watch me burn that's ok because I like the way it hurts"

"I love you like a fat kid loves cake."

"I am I said to no one there
And no one heard at all, not even the chair."

"I wonder if your therapist knows everything about me.”

“I’ve got soul but I’m not a soldier.”

"Girl, your skin is so smooth,
And you smell good just like some new shoes."

"Excuse me while I kiss the sky."

"And if daddy plays his cards right
He'll bring home your new mommy tonight."

"I do whatever The Bible tells me to
Except for the parts that I choose to ignore." 

"You ain't a beauty, but hey you're all right."

"Oh man, I think the clock is slow. I don't feel tardy." 

“Lightning crashes, a new mother cries
Her placenta falls to the floor.”

"This ain't dinner it's paint thinner."

"Slowly walking down the hall, faster than a cannonball."

“You gotta’ Prada bag with a lotta’ stuff in it.”

"You told your mama I'd get you home, but you didn't say I had no car."

"Kickin' in the front seat
Sittin' in the back seat
Gotta make my mind up
Which seat can I take?"

"I’ve been watching you!
A La La La La Long
A La La La La Long Long
Li Long Long Long."

"And you're the reason our kids are ugly, little darlin."

"Don't say you're easy on me
You're about as easy as a nuclear war." 

“New Kids on the Block had a bunch of hits
Chinese food makes me sick.”

"You say you sleep when you're dead, I'm scared I'll die in my sleep." - “Nobody really cares if you don’t go to the party" 

"We can't make any promises
Now can we, babe?
But you can make me a drink."

“The square root of 69 is 8 something, right?
Cause I’ve been tryna work it out.”

"I love you in the morning, so you know it's no lie." 

 "It's Britney, bitch."

"If I told you that I was raped
Do you really think that anybody would think
I didn’t ask for it? I didn’t ask for it
I won’t testify, I already fucked up my story"

"Hands on your knees, I’m Angelina Jolie
Hands on your knees, Angelina Jolie
Let me put my hands on your knees, you can braid my hair
Do a fat criss-cross in the back somewhere, ha"

"I can buy myself flowers
Write my name in the sand
Talk to myself for hours
Say things you don’t understand"

"You wouldn't last an hour in the asylum where they raised me"

"You said it was a great love, one for the ages 
But if the story’s over, 
why am I still writing pages?"

"You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter
You are the best thing that's ever been mine"

"You can plan for a change in weather and time
But I never planned on you changing your mind"

"You call me up again just to break me like a promise
So casually cruel in the name of being honest"

"They told me all of my cages were mental
So I got wasted like all my potential"

“And you wanna scream
‘don't call me kid, 
don't call me baby,
Look at this godforsaken mess that you made me’ ” 

"I wouldn't marry me either
A pathological people pleaser
Who only wanted you to see her" 

"It's me
Hi
I'm the problem, it's me"

"No one wanted to play with me as a little kid
So I've been scheming like a criminal ever since"

